Recording data limits in Office Scripts (#151)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/testing/troubleshooting.md

When your Excel Script encounters a problem running, it produces an error. You'll see a prompt pop-up asking if you want to **View Logs**. Press that button to open the console and display any errors.

## Data limits

> There are hard limits set by the feature to prevent large amounts of data from being transferred at once and large numbers of individual transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Office Scripts enforces a limit on how much data can be transferred at once and how many individual transactions can be conducted. 
```
Not sure if this wording changes the meaning but a suggestion. I would avoid saying "the feature" (especially without naming it first) in docs but that might be my personal preference. It sounds PM-y to me.

Author: How about this?

"There are limits on how much Excel data can be transferred at once and how many individual Power Automate transactions can be conducted."

It attaches the actual controlling platform to the limit.

### Excel

Excel for the web has the following limitations when making calls to the workbook through a script:

- Requests and responses are limited to **5MB**.
- A range is limited to **five million cells**.

> If you're encountering errors when dealing with large datasets, try using multiple smaller ranges instead of larger ranges. You can also APIs like [Range.getSpecialCells](/javascript/api/office-scripts/excelscript/excelscript.range#getspecialcells-celltype--cellvaluetype-) to target specific cells instead of large ranges.

Reviewer: So, batching essentially? Wondering if that bears calling out

Author: Hmm. That sort of terminology might not track with the script demographic. It's also weird because the async model has been referred to as the "batch" model and this is advocating the opposite: split the wire calls instead of combining them.

### Power Automate

> When using Office Scripts with Power Automate, you're limited to **200 calls per day**. This limit resets at 12:00 AM UTC.

Reviewer: Not an actionable comment but I went to the limits link below and they specifically call out that the API requests allowed per day do not "roll over" which just made me laugh :)

Author: Use 'em or lose 'em!
